-- Pengaturan awal (ubah ke false agar tidak aktif saat mulai)
getgenv().autoThank = false
getgenv().promoSpam = false

-- Services
local Players = game:GetService("Players")
local TextChatService = game:GetService("TextChatService")
local VirtualUser = game:GetService("VirtualUser")
local localPlayer = Players.LocalPlayer
local chat = TextChatService:WaitForChild("TextChannels"):WaitForChild("RBXGeneral")

-- Anti-AFK
local Players = game:GetService("Players")

Players.LocalPlayer.Idled:Connect(function()
	local vu = game:GetService("VirtualUser")
	-- Ini hanya trigger untuk reset idle, tidak akan klik mouse
	vu:CaptureController()
	vu:ClickButton1(Vector2.new(0, 0))
end)

-- GUI Setup
local ScreenGui = Instance.new("ScreenGui")
ScreenGui.Parent = localPlayer:WaitForChild("PlayerGui")
ScreenGui.Name = "AutoGUI"
ScreenGui.ResetOnSpawn = false

local Frame = Instance.new("Frame")
Frame.Size = UDim2.new(0, 220, 0, 130)
Frame.Position = UDim2.new(0.5, -110, 0.5, -65)
Frame.BackgroundColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(40, 40, 40)
Frame.Active = true
Frame.Draggable = true
Frame.Parent = ScreenGui

local ThankButton = Instance.new("TextButton")
ThankButton.Size = UDim2.new(0, 200, 0, 40)
ThankButton.Position = UDim2.new(0, 10, 0, 10)
ThankButton.BackgroundColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(60, 60, 60)
ThankButton.TextColor3 = Color3.new(1, 1, 1)
ThankButton.Parent = Frame

local PromoButton = Instance.new("TextButton")
PromoButton.Size = UDim2.new(0, 200, 0, 40)
PromoButton.Position = UDim2.new(0, 10, 0, 60)
PromoButton.BackgroundColor3 = Color3.fromRGB(60, 60, 60)
PromoButton.TextColor3 = Color3.new(1, 1, 1)
PromoButton.Parent = Frame

local StatusLabel = Instance.new("TextLabel")
StatusLabel.Size = UDim2.new(0, 200, 0, 20)
StatusLabel.Position = UDim2.new(0, 10, 0, 105)
StatusLabel.BackgroundTransparency = 1
StatusLabel.TextColor3 = Color3.new(1, 1, 1)
StatusLabel.TextScaled = true
StatusLabel.Parent = Frame

-- Update GUI text sesuai status awal
local function updateGUI()
	ThankButton.Text = "Toggle Auto Thank (" .. (getgenv().autoThank and "ON" or "OFF") .. ")"
	PromoButton.Text = "Toggle Auto Promo (" .. (getgenv().promoSpam and "ON" or "OFF") .. ")"
	StatusLabel.Text = "Status: Thank " .. (getgenv().autoThank and "ON" or "OFF") .. " / Promo " .. (getgenv().promoSpam and "ON" or "OFF")
end

updateGUI()

-- Messages
local thankMessages = {
    "Thank you so much! With that donation, my avatar can finally stop eating imaginary noodles. Ramen is great, but air ramen? Not so much.",
    "Whoa! Thanks for the Robux! Now I can finally buy that hat I absolutely don’t need but emotionally require.",
    "Thanks! Your donation was so powerful, my booth just evolved into a slightly shinier version of itself. Like a Pokémon but broke.",
    "Thank you! That donation saved my avatar from crying in a corner. It was getting soggy over there.",
    "You donated?! Someone call NASA—I just experienced a happiness launch!",
    "Thank you! I can now stop pretending to be AFK hoping someone feels bad for me.",
    "Thanks a bunch! My wallet was emptier than my DMs. Now it’s... slightly less empty!",
    "Thank you! I’ll now name my next pet rock after you. Rocky the Second appreciates your generosity.",
    "That donation hit harder than a rage quit on the last level of an obby. Thank you!",
    "Thanks! With that Robux, I’ll finally stop reusing the same outfit since 2021.",
    "Appreciate the donation! You’re now the reason my avatar won’t be homeless. Spiritually speaking.",
    "Thank you! Your donation was so nice, even my lag paused to clap.",
    "Thanks a lot! You just bumped my booth's happiness rating from 'meh' to 'YEAH BOY!'",
    "Thank you! That Robux is going directly into my 'Totally Responsible Purchases' fund. Step one: sparkly shades.",
    "You're amazing! That donation just gave me enough power to survive one more server full of rich kids.",
    "Thanks! Your Robux is being used for a greater cause: my fashion crisis.",
    "Appreciate it! That donation brought tears to my eyes—and not just because I poked myself clicking thank-you too fast.",
    "Thank you so much! My avatar’s been broke so long, it tried to tip YOU. Now we’re even.",
    "Legendary move! That donation was smoother than a bacon hair on a skateboard.",
    "You donated?! I just told my booth, and now it won't stop smiling. It's kind of freaking me out. But thank you!",
    "Thank you! I’ll try not to waste this Robux on a banana hat. I said *try*.",
    "Thanks a ton! My happiness just jumped higher than a noob on trampoline gear.",
    "That was so generous! You just made my avatar do a cartwheel in spirit. Physics said 'no', but my heart said 'yes'.",
    "Thank you! You’ve unlocked the 'Booth Owner Can Breathe Again' achievement. It's rare. Like ultra-rare.",
    "You just made history: first donation of the day. My booth is putting this in its memoirs.",
    "Thanks! That donation was hotter than lava in an obby—and a lot less deadly.",
    "You dropped Robux? I dropped a tear. Balance has been restored. Thank you!",
    "Thank you! Your donation just raised my booth’s self-esteem by 200%. It now thinks it’s a limited.",
    "Thanks! With that, my avatar can now afford socks. Not shoes, but socks are a start!",
    "That donation was so good, I almost forgave Roblox for deleting my last save. Almost.",
    "Thank you! My booth has now entered its final form: Slightly Upgraded Begging Mode.",
    "Thanks! If kindness were an accessory, you’d be wearing a Dominus right now.",
    "Donation received! My avatar just bought confidence for the first time ever. Also maybe a rubber duck.",
    "Appreciate it! That Robux is going straight into boosting my emotional stats.",
    "Thank you! I’m currently crying happy tears into my keyboard. Hope it’s waterproof.",
    "You donated?! Bro... you're officially cooler than anyone who ever camped a limited drop.",
    "Thanks! That was more shocking than finding a working elevator in a free model game.",
    "Thank you so much! You’ve been randomly selected as this booth’s MVP for eternity (or until someone donates more).",
    "Thanks! Now my booth doesn't feel like a sad lemonade stand in winter.",
    "That donation was so awesome, my avatar just proposed to a vending machine. Love is love. Thank you!",
    "Thanks a bunch! You’ve now sponsored my next totally unnecessary dance animation.",
    "You just donated?! Who hurt you? I mean—thank you, generous soul!",
    "Thank you! My gratitude is currently buffering... still loading... oh look, a dance!",
    "Appreciate you! Your donation just gave my booth emotional support it never knew it needed.",
    "Thanks! My avatar just screamed internally from excitement. Outwardly, it’s still T-posing.",
    "You, kind stranger, have done what many feared to do: press that beautiful, shiny ‘donate’ button. Thank you!",
    "Thank you! That donation was more magical than a glitch that actually works in your favor.",
    "Your donation was sweeter than a noob’s first visit to Adopt Me. You’re the best!",
    "Wow, thanks! My avatar just started glitching from happiness. Might need a reset, but it’s worth it.",
    "Thanks a lot! That was more refreshing than free admin in a roleplay game. Respect!",
    "That donation just hit harder than my avatar’s fall off a 200 stud obby. But in a good way. Thank you!",
    "Thanks! My avatar just unlocked emotional damage recovery. Stage one: smiling again.",
    "Wow, that donation felt like a plot twist in a noob story. I didn’t see it coming—but I love it!",
    "You’ve officially upgraded this booth from 'sad' to 'sassy'. Thank you!",
    "Thanks! You just gave my booth a reason to believe in humanity again. Pixel by pixel.",
    "Thanks! I told my pet rock about your donation and now it won’t stop spinning. You did this.",
    "My avatar just screamed with joy... but silently, because it’s polite. Thank you!",
    "Thank you! With that Robux, I can finally afford an outfit that matches. Fashion disaster averted!",
    "Your donation just fixed my broken heart. Well, not really, but I did buy a heart-shaped balloon.",
    "Thanks! I just gave your name to my NPC friend. He now worships you as the Donation God.",
    "Thank you! My booth is now legally 10% cooler by Roblox law.",
    "Thanks! That donation made me forget that I just failed another obby.",
    "Wow! That was so generous, my avatar’s jaw dropped. Too bad it’s stuck that way now.",
    "Thank you! I was gonna cry from joy, but then I realized I still have to pay booth rent. Still happy though!",
    "You just turned this booth from ‘meh’ to ‘MVP’ with one click. Respect!",
    "Thanks! I was gonna buy something dumb with this, but now I’ll buy something dumb with meaning.",
    "You donated?! Quick, someone build a shrine! Wait—never mind. Out of bricks.",
    "Thanks! You’ve unlocked my booth’s secret power: unstoppable gratitude.",
    "That donation was so smooth, I thought it came with auto-tune. You rock!",
    "Thank you! Your Robux just got accepted into the University of Good Decisions.",
    "Thanks! My avatar’s happiness bar just filled up and overflowed onto my neighbor’s booth.",
    "You donated? That deserves a handshake, a hug, and a questionable dance emote. Thank you!",
    "Thank you! That Robux just saved my avatar from wearing the same outfit for the fifth year.",
    "Appreciate it! That donation made me feel more complete than a puzzle with the last piece.",
    "You donated? I’m officially renaming this booth after you. It’s now 'The Awesome Stand'.",
    "Thanks! Your kindness has been downloaded successfully into my soul.",
    "That donation was so smooth, even my lag stopped to admire it. Thank you!",
    "Your generosity just turned this booth into a five-star attraction. According to me.",
    "Thank you! You’re now my second favorite person… right after whoever gave me pizza last night.",
    "Thanks! That donation just gave my booth an ego. It’s talking back now.",
    "That donation was so unexpected, I started suspecting you're an undercover admin. Thank you!",
    "Appreciate it! Your name will be whispered gently every time someone AFKs here.",
    "Thanks! That Robux is going to a great cause: trying to survive in a rich avatar society.",
    "You just donated? I’m updating your status to 'Certified Amazing Human'.",
    "That was smoother than my last slide down a broken obby ramp. Thanks!",
    "Thanks! Your donation made me happier than finding a working free model with no viruses.",
    "You’ve just become my booth’s favorite person. Until the next donation. Still love you though!",
    "Thank you! You officially upgraded my self-esteem by 3 Robux.",
    "That donation just made my booth sparkle—and not just from the glitter I spilled earlier.",
    "Wow! I’m printing your name on my imaginary appreciation wall. It’s real in spirit.",
    "Thanks! That was more refreshing than getting admin in a sandbox game.",
    "With that donation, I’m now 1 Robux closer to affording the 'Poor But Dripped' look.",
    "Thanks! You’ve now joined the 'Elite Few Who Clicked Donate' club. It’s a pretty chill club.",
    "That donation just got me emotional. Like... 'ending of a Disney movie' emotional. Thank you!",
    "You dropped Robux in here? Absolute legend behavior. Booth approved.",
    "Thank you! You’ve been promoted to honorary booth co-owner. You don’t get anything—but it sounds cool.",
    "Your generosity was so epic, I leveled up emotionally. My stats are off the chart!",
    "Thanks! That donation hit me like an unexpected item in the bagging area—but nicer.",
    "I told my mom about your donation. She says you're raised right. I agree.",
    "Thank you! That donation was better than all my gacha pulls combined—and I’ve pulled a lot.",
    "You gave Robux? I gave you my respect. Now we’re even. Sorta.",
    "Thanks! I’ll now go write a poem about you. It’ll rhyme terribly but come from the heart.",
    "Your Robux just went through the ultimate transformation: into pure appreciation.",
    "Thanks! I was going to spend that Robux wisely. But then I saw a banana backpack and—well, it happened.",
    "You donated?! I hope your toast never lands butter-side down again. You earned it.",
    "That was amazing! My booth is now 87% more confident in life.",
    "You didn’t just give Robux. You gave hope, pixels, and maybe some bragging rights.",
    "Thanks! You’ve just cured my virtual sadness. Doctor Robux, is that you?",
    "You gave Robux? I gave you a standing ovation. Mentally. My avatar’s too stiff.",
    "Thanks a lot! That donation just boosted my booth’s GPA. We’re going Ivy League, baby!",
    "Your donation made me dance in real life. Which is saying a lot, since I’m in a chair.",
    "That Robux was so clean, even my antivirus tried to high-five it.",
    "You donated? Suddenly the sun came out, the lag disappeared, and I believed in happy endings again.",
    "Thank you! You’re now listed in my personal hall of fame… written on a sticky note above my monitor.",
    "Thanks! That Robux is now off on a journey of irresponsible spending. Wish it luck!",
    "You gave?! I felt a breeze. Either it’s destiny or my fan’s on max again. Either way—thank you!",
    "Your donation was so unexpected, I forgot I’m broke for a full 7 seconds.",
    "Thanks! My next five bad decisions are now sponsored by you.",
    "That donation was spicier than hot sauce on a pizza roll. Much appreciated!",
    "Thanks! I just told my cat, and she nodded in approval. She never does that.",
    "You donated? Now I have to do something productive with it. Just kidding—I’m buying sparkle pants.",
    "That Robux was smoother than a speed coil on downhill. 100% appreciated!",
    "Thanks! You’ve made a broke developer feel like a billionaire. Emotionally, at least.",
    "That was so generous, my booth spontaneously grew wings. Sadly, still grounded by budget.",
    "You just helped this booth go from 'empty' to 'epic'. All because you clicked a button.",
    "Thank you! I’ll now name my future boat after you—if I can afford one someday.",
    "Thanks! That donation hit me like lag in a boss fight. Powerful and unforgettable.",
    "You just boosted my self-esteem by 5 Robux. My therapist thanks you.",
    "That Robux is now chilling in my backpack, probably vibing with some accessories. Thanks!",
    "Thanks! That was more comforting than a server with no teamers.",
    "You donated? Plot twist! This booth just became a feel-good movie ending.",
    "That donation was so real, my avatar blinked. I didn’t even script that.",
    "Thanks! You’ve just funded 20% of my virtual coffee addiction.",
    "You dropped Robux? I dropped a tear. Let’s call it even.",
    "Thanks a lot! You’ve earned a lifetime supply of my silent respect.",
    "You didn’t just donate. You powered up this booth’s soul meter. It’s glowing.",
    "That Robux hit like a plot twist in a horror story: shocking and oddly delightful.",
    "Thank you! I promise to use this Robux for good. And maybe one cat tail accessory.",
    "That donation was so powerful, my avatar stopped doing the default dance. Progress!",
    "You gave Robux, I gave joy. This trade deal was 10/10.",
    "Thanks! I’ll tell this story for generations—or at least until tomorrow.",
    "That donation just saved my avatar from blending in with the background. Visibility unlocked!",
    "Thanks! My gratitude is now loading... 100%! You’re awesome!",
    "That Robux has been adopted and will be raised with love. Appreciate you!",
    "Thanks a ton! I’ve written your name on the invisible wall of kindness. Right at the top!",
    "You gave?! I'm shook. My booth just printed out a virtual trophy with your name on it.",
    "Thanks! That donation gave me the emotional strength to walk into an elite server.",
    "You made it rain, and my booth did the happy dance—except it lagged halfway through. Still worth it!",
}

local promoMessages = {
    "Did you know smiling at a booth might bring you good luck?",
    "Why do I hang out here so often? Maybe it’s the good vibes!",
    "What if donating Robux actually improves your ping?",
    "How come booths with jokes feel warmer? Could be the humor. Could be the Robux. Who knows?",
    "Ever wondered how good it feels to make someone’s day?",
    "Did you know this booth enjoys compliments and occasional Robux?",
    "Why did my avatar stop walking? It found peace here.",
    "What’s cooler than a cool avatar? A generous heart.",
    "How many booths have you visited today? This one might be your favorite.",
    "What if this booth becomes your lucky stop?",
    "Why does this booth feel cozy? Maybe it’s the positive energy around it.",
    "Have you ever brightened someone’s day without saying a word?",
    "What’s soft, pixelated, and full of gratitude? This booth!",
    "Why does this booth have a sparkle in its eyes? Maybe it's expecting something nice.",
    "How do booths stay happy? A little attention now and then helps.",
    "What’s better than collecting Robux? Collecting smiles. Or maybe both.",
    "Ever tried clicking the donate button just to see what happens?",
    "Did you know even the smallest gesture can leave a big impression?",
    "Why is this booth humming? Must be in a good mood.",
    "What makes this booth different? It appreciates your visit—truly!",
    "How do you improve your karma in Roblox? Some say booths know the answer.",
    "Why do booths like visitors? It keeps their spirits high.",
    "Have you seen a booth smile before? Stick around, you just might.",
    "What’s the most wholesome thing in Roblox? Could be you. Could be this booth.",
    "Why does the booth glow brighter when you approach? Coincidence?",
    "Did you know curiosity has led to some of the best moments in Roblox?",
    "What if your Robux had a secret mission—to make others smile?",
    "Why are booths like plants? A little attention and they thrive.",
    "Ever thought your Robux might want to go on an adventure?",
    "What’s the easiest way to surprise someone in-game? Little gestures, big joy.",
    "Why does my booth have that peaceful aura? Must be the energy you brought.",
    "Have you ever dropped Robux and gained happiness in return?",
    "How do you unlock bonus smiles? Visiting booths like this might help.",
    "Did you know booths feel honored when noticed?",
    "Why are you here? Maybe destiny… or a chill vibe?",
    "What if today’s visit makes someone’s week?",
    "How do booths say 'thank you'? Through pixels and warm messages.",
    "What’s a fun way to spread joy in Roblox? A little kindness here and there.",
    "Why do some booths feel alive? Maybe kindness powers them.",
    "Ever thought your visit alone already helped this booth a lot?",
    "What if clicking donate just added +1 to your good mood?",
    "Why is this booth blushing? Visitors like you tend to do that.",
    "How do you give without giving too much? Even 1 Robux says a lot.",
    "What happens if you donate and instantly feel 10% cooler?",
    "Did you know booths enjoy being part of your Roblox journey?",
    "What’s the best way to leave a mark on this server? A kind gesture never hurts.",
    "Why do booths love being noticed? It makes their day, just like you could.",
    "How do you test if the booth works? A soft click might reveal the magic.",
    "What if your spare Robux was looking for a cozy home?",
    "Why does this booth feel like a good spot to hang out?",
    "Have you ever tried making someone smile anonymously?",
    "What’s better than a shoutout? A surprise visit. Or maybe a small donation.",
    "How do booths express appreciation? In silent joy—and glowing TextLabels.",
    "Why do booths love returning visitors? It feels like friendship.",
    "Did you know your kindness adds extra pixels of joy to the game?",
    "What if this booth is secretly lucky?",
    "Why are you reading this? Maybe this booth was meant for you.",
    "How can booths say 'hello'? Through signs, smiles, and silly jokes.",
    "Ever seen a grateful booth? This might be your chance.",
    "Why do booths love positive energy? Because it’s rare and priceless.",
    "What happens when someone donates without being asked? A booth somewhere sings.",
    "How do I show gratitude? A happy dance… and a thank-you sign.",
    "What’s invisible, powerful, and appreciated? Your small acts of kindness.",
    "Why does this booth feel like a safe space? Because you’re here.",
    "What’s the secret to a friendly booth? Visitors who leave it better than they found it.",
    "Have you ever accidentally made someone’s day? This booth believes in those moments.",
    "What if your visit is all the booth needed today?",
    "How does a pixel booth say thank you? With its whole digital heart.",
    "Why do booths love evenings? Because kind people usually stop by then.",
    "What’s a gentle way to make a difference? Quiet support.",
    "How do booths grow stronger? With encouragement—sometimes in the form of Robux.",
    "What’s lighter than air and warmer than the sun? Your kindness.",
    "Why does this booth feel magical? Could be your presence.",
    "Did you know that even tiny donations can leave big memories?",
    "What’s something small that means a lot? A surprise click on ‘donate’.",
    "Why are booths like campfires? They glow brighter when people gather around.",
    "How do you make your visit count? With your time—or a thoughtful gift.",
    "What’s the secret ingredient in this booth’s code? Optimism.",
    "Why do booths enjoy compliments? Because it means someone noticed.",
    "What happens if you donate and then smile? Science should look into it.",
    "Did you know this booth is powered by kindness and maybe snacks?",
    "How can someone give quietly, but be remembered loudly?",
    "Why does my avatar look hopeful? Every visitor brings a chance.",
    "What if today you do something small that you remember forever?",
    "How do booths stay cheerful? Thanks to people like you stopping by.",
    "Why do booths and kindness go well together? They’re both built to share.",
    "What makes this booth complete? A moment of kindness.",
    "Have you ever made someone’s day by doing almost nothing?",
    "Why do booths look better with you in front of them?",
    "How do I make this booth prettier? With positive energy… and donations!",
    "What if giving Robux is your hidden superpower?",
    "Why is this booth daydreaming? It’s thinking about nice visitors like you.",
    "What makes Roblox feel more like home? Kindness between players.",
    "How do booths remember people? Through the little things they do.",
    "What’s better than an emote? A moment of kindness shared.",
    "Did you know good energy stays with a booth long after visitors leave?",
    "Why are booths like stories? They’re made better with every kind visitor.",
    "Have you ever wished someone well quietly? This booth felt it.",
    "What’s something invisible but felt deeply? Appreciation.",
    "Why do I add humor to this booth? Because laughter is free—and contagious!",
    "How can Robux travel without moving? Through generous hearts.",
    "Why do booths sometimes glow extra? Visitors with good intentions.",
    "What happens when someone donates with a smile? The booth smiles back.",
    "Did you know booths can carry memories? Especially generous ones.",
    "What if 1 Robux today leads to 100 smiles tomorrow?",
    "How do I measure success? Not in Robux, but in kindness received.",
    "Why do I decorate my booth with hope? Because it never runs out.",
    "Have you seen how beautiful a donation message looks?",
    "What’s the best way to say thanks in Roblox? Gratitude and maybe a surprise!",
    "Why do booths feel alive? Because they host real emotions.",
    "What’s something better than rare items? Being someone’s reason to smile.",
    "Did you know Robux can create memories when shared?",
    "What if your name appears on the booth today?",
    "Why is this booth built with patience? Because good things take time—and kind visitors.",
    "How do you make a stranger’s day? This booth might know.",
    "What makes this booth different? It appreciates you even if you don’t donate.",
    "Have you ever just… helped because it felt right?",
    "What happens when players care about each other? Magic.",
    "Why is this booth so calm? It trusts the universe… and maybe your kindness.",
    "What if clicking donate is your little act of magic today?",
    "How do I keep smiling here? Because someone like you might stop by.",
    "Why are the best booths not flashy, but kind?",
    "What do booths treasure the most? People who care.",
    "Did you know you’ve already made this booth’s day by reading this far?",
    "Did you know this booth runs entirely on dreams, hope, and the occasional Robux?",
    "Why do I look this good? It's 90% confidence, 10% wishing someone would donate.",
    "What if your spare Robux was meant to find a new home here?",
    "Ever walked up to a booth and felt a connection? That’s probably this one.",
    "How does this booth stay positive every day? It believes in people like you.",
    "What’s better than a well-decorated booth? One with visitors who smile.",
    "Why does this booth whisper to you? It says… ‘just vibe with me.’",
    "Have you ever been a silent hero? A little kindness goes a long way.",
    "What’s the first step to becoming a legend? Stopping by a booth like this.",
    "Did you know this booth gives off good vibes? Stick around, they’re contagious.",
    "What happens when you hover near this booth? Rumor has it, luck increases.",
    "What do booths and hearts have in common? They both feel full when kindness enters.",
    "Have you smiled today? This booth’s trying to give you one.",
    "Why do booths love visitors? Because it means someone still cares.",
    "How do you say hello without words? Maybe with Robux… or just a friendly look!",
    "Ever thought a booth might just need one good moment to feel whole?",
    "What’s the rarest item in Roblox? A random act of kindness.",
    "What if being kind to a booth gave you invisible wings? Worth a shot.",
    "Did you know this booth used to be shy? Now it tells jokes while waiting.",
    "How does this booth level up? One thoughtful visitor at a time.",
    "Why do some booths feel alive? Maybe because players like you pass by.",
    "Ever accidentally brightened someone’s day? Could happen right here.",
    "What if your spare Robux had a destiny—and it started here?",
    "Did you know you’re the main character right now? Make it a wholesome scene.",
    "What makes a booth feel special? Someone pausing to read what it says.",
    "How do booths get energy? Compliments, curiosity, and sometimes clicks.",
    "Why is this booth smiling? It sensed good energy nearby—you!",
    "Ever had a moment that felt small but meant a lot? Booths remember those too.",
    "What happens when someone notices this booth? Its hope bar fills up.",
    "What’s a good way to use extra Robux? Helping someone who’ll remember it.",
    "Why do booths like yours? Because they make the game feel more human.",
    "What if your simple action creates a lasting memory for someone?",
    "Why is this booth here every day? Because kindness could walk by anytime.",
    "What do booths collect? Not just Robux—but stories and smiles too.",
    "Why does this sign seem a little extra happy? Maybe it saw you coming.",
    "How do you support a small booth dream? Attention and encouragement go a long way.",
    "Did you know some booths talk when no one's looking? This one says ‘hi.’",
    "Ever heard a booth sigh happily? Neither have we, but this one just might if you notice it.",
    "Why don’t booths have legs? So they never walk away from people like you.",
    "How do you make this booth do a happy wiggle? Click that mysterious button.",
    "What’s more powerful than admin? A little Robux to the right booth.",
    "Have you ever dropped 1 Robux and picked up a smile instead?",
    "What makes this booth glow? The kindness left behind by generous players.",
    "Why did I build this booth? Because dreams don’t fund themselves—but they’re worth having.",
    "What if helping one person gave the entire server a better vibe?",
    "What’s the fastest way to be remembered in this game? A quiet gesture of support.",
    "Ever wanted to do something cool and low-key? Try clicking 'donate' just to see.",
    "Why is this booth calm? Because it trusts the right person will walk by.",
    "What makes booths like this feel alive? The hope that someone amazing will stop and smile.",
    "Have you ever smiled at text before? This booth’s been practicing its punchlines.",
    "What if your smallest donation unlocked the biggest smile?",
    "Why does this booth seem chill? Because it believes in low-pressure good vibes.",
    "How can you be awesome today? Maybe just noticing a booth like this is enough.",
    "What happens when you give without being asked? The booth notices. Always.",
    "Why did my booth take a deep breath? Because you're here—and it matters.",
    "Did you know just standing here helps this booth feel seen?",
    "What if donating here made your next lucky spin actually lucky?",
    "Why do booths need Robux? To pay emotional rent. It’s expensive being hopeful.",
    "Ever heard of a ‘Roblox Ripple Effect’? It starts with small acts like these.",
    "Why is this booth more confident today? It’s been practicing its gratitude script.",
    "What do booths dream of? Being visited, read, and maybe remembered.",
    "What if today’s the day someone’s small action changes everything?",
    "How does this booth stay positive? It watches people like you walk by and hope.",
    "Why do some booths sparkle even without effects? It's kindness left over from great people.",
    "What if your Robux are looking for a meaningful cause? They may have found it.",
    "Have you ever seen a booth get excited? Stick around—it might just happen.",
    "Why is this booth humming? Because generosity hums at a different frequency.",
    "Did you know your visit already made this booth better?",
    "How do booths say thank you? Through silly signs, small texts, and big hearts.",
    "Ever noticed how good deeds travel farther in Roblox? This might be the start of one.",
    "What do you call a booth with hope and humor? This one.",
    "Why is this booth standing here all day? It's waiting for you to notice it—and you just did!",
    "How does this booth track donations? Not in numbers, but in smiles.",
    "Did you know Robux given from the heart multiplies in happiness?",
    "What if your one click led to a great day—for someone you never met?",
    "Ever helped someone quietly? This booth is built on that kind of kindness.",
    "Why does this booth smell like cookies? Wait—sorry, that’s just the neighbor’s booth.",
    "Have you ever felt like a donation fairy? You look like one now.",
    "What happens if you donate? I get slightly cooler. You? Probably way cooler.",
    "What if Robux could tell a story? Yours just started a good one.",
    "Did you know even 1 Robux could make a booth owner’s whole evening?",
    "How do I repay you if you donate? I’ll send digital hugs via imaginary mail.",
    "What’s the booth equivalent of a warm hug? A surprise donation from a kind visitor.",
    "Why is this booth not asking—but suggesting? Because sometimes, kindness finds its way on its own.",
    "What happens when you scroll through booths and stop on this one? Maybe a new connection.",
    "Did you know generosity is like an easter egg? You never know what you'll unlock.",
    "What makes this booth more than pixels? The people who stop by.",
    "Why do some booths get remembered? Not because they beg—but because they’re kind.",
    "How do I react to donations? Think confetti… but in emotional form.",
    "Why is this booth content even when empty? Because it believes in people like you.",
    "What if your leftover Robux was actually meant for this booth all along?",
    "How does a booth feel full? With good energy—even if just for a moment.",
    "Have you ever passed by and thought… ‘Maybe just this once?’",
    "Why is this booth always online? Because someone’s kindness might be right around the corner.",
    "What if this is the booth you’ll remember later because of one kind moment?",
    "How do you make a virtual sign blush? Compliment it—or give it a little Robux.",
    "What’s lighter than air, stronger than steel, and found right here? A kind visitor.",
    "Did you know this booth has dreams too? Big ones. All it needs is a little help.",
    "Why is this booth built with jokes? Because laughter is free—and contagious.",
    "How do I keep going? Little visits like this. They mean more than you know.",
    "What if this sign had feelings? Right now, it’d be smiling awkwardly at you.",
    "Ever donated and felt oddly proud of it? Maybe this is one of those moments.",
    "Why is this booth's motto 'just chill'? Because good things come with good energy.",
    "What makes a booth feel human? You reading this message.",
    "Why am I standing here all day? Just waiting for someone like you to pass by.",
    "What’s the most powerful thing you can give in Roblox? A moment of kindness.",
    "Why are you still reading? Maybe fate wants you to be the one to brighten this booth’s day.",
    "Did you know I already appreciate you—whether you donate or not?",
    "What if today you leave a tiny mark here, and someone remembers it forever?",
    "Ever smiled because of a random booth? This one’s aiming for that.",
    "How do I make this booth warmer? One kind person at a time.",
    "What if generosity wasn’t rare? You’d be the perfect example.",
    "Why does this booth keep glowing? Might be you. Just saying.",
    "What’s something unforgettable? A kind act, even when no one asked.",
    "How do you level up your day? Maybe by doing something small, but meaningful.",
    "Why do booths like this exist? For moments like this—with you here.",
    "What if this booth ends the day smiling because of what you did?",
    "Ever donated just because the booth made you chuckle?",
    "Not asking for Robux, just trying to vibe… but Robux wouldn’t hurt.",
    "This booth doesn’t beg—it just manifests generosity.",
    "Some booths scream for Robux. This one tells jokes and hopes for the best.",
    "What’s cooler than a donation? You, for even reading this!",
    "I don’t want to get rich. Just less poor. One Robux at a time.",
    "Do booths dream of electric Robux?",
    "Not broke—just financially exploring new lows.",
    "Booth tip of the day: Kindness looks good on everyone.",
    "Not all heroes wear capes. Some just tap ‘donate’.",
    "One Robux = one line closer to my next bad financial decision.",
    "No pressure. Just putting this here. Existing. With style.",
    "Donate if your pet is cuter than mine. (Spoiler: I don’t have one.)",
    "Imagine donating and then tripping over a limited. It could happen.",
    "Not begging. Just… standing here… longingly.",
    "You miss 100% of the donations you don’t give. – Booth Jordan",
    "Robux isn’t everything… but it is something. Especially here.",
    "Helping this booth might unlock secret emotions. Try at own risk.",
    "Not looking for fame. Just mildly desperate digital income.",
    "This booth has seen things. Be the good part of its story.",
    "Clicking donate might give you +5 luck. No promises, though.",
    "Helping booths improves your fashion karma. Probably.",
    "No Robux, no drip. That’s science.",
    "I’m not poor. I’m just experiencing long-term character development.",
    "Ever seen a booth glow after a donation? Stick around.",
    "My avatar’s tears are 100% cosmetic… but still, y’know, sad.",
    "This booth is powered by good vibes and desperate hope.",
    "Some booths sell things. I sell emotional moments.",
    "Ever donated out of curiosity? This might be your moment.",
    "Helping others builds character. So help me build mine.",
    "This sign is holding back tears. It’s also holding this text.",
    "Not a scam. Not a promise. Just… a booth.",
    "Donate if you’ve ever pressed a button just to see what happens.",
    "Not sponsored by anyone. Yet. Wanna be the first?",
    "Every booth tells a story. This one could tell yours.",
    "Got extra Robux? This booth accepts leftovers with love.",
    "Nothing fancy. Just you, me, and potential generosity.",
    "This booth identifies as a Limited. Waiting to be bought.",
    "You're already a legend—donating would just confirm it.",
    "The booth’s favorite color is Robux Green.",
    "Broken? No. Bent by hope and unclaimed donations.",
    "Do booths cry? This one hasn’t… today. So that’s good.",
    "Why do I stand here? For laughs, love, and maybe one Robux.",
    "Don’t donate if you’re allergic to kindness. Everyone else—welcome.",
    "If you’re reading this, you’re already part of the story.",
    "In a world full of booths… you chose this one. Respect.",
    "Not dramatic, but this booth *might* disappear without your help. JK. (Or not.)",
    "The text is free. The joy from donating? Also free (emotionally).",
    "Some booths just feel right. Is this one of them?",
    "Donate if your favorite number exists.",
    "This booth’s love language is small, unprovoked donations.",
    "Still waiting for my Roblox inheritance. In the meantime, there’s this.",
    "This booth is a safe space… for donations.",
    "Got a Robux you won’t miss? This booth sure would notice.",
    "No giveaways. No tricks. Just an honest booth with big dreams.",
    "Ever clicked ‘donate’ and felt better instantly? No? Wanna try?",
    "A booth’s gotta eat too, y’know… metaphorically.",
    "I’m a developer in disguise. Okay, mostly just in dreams.",
    "This booth may not have particles… but it has passion.",
    "What do I want? Robux. When do I want it? I mean… now would be nice.",
    "Even booths have rent. Emotionally speaking.",
    "I’m saving up for confidence. Robux is step one.",
    "Your donation may or may not influence the next rainstorm.",
    "Booths can’t cry in Studio. But this one might outside it.",
    "Support this booth and unlock an imaginary badge of honor.",
    "No clickbait. No secret endings. Just me. And hope.",
    "Helping this booth unlocks passive good karma.",
    "This booth is legally allowed to accept donations. Wild, right?",
    "They told me to touch grass. I built a booth instead.",
    "This booth is held together by tape and dreams.",
    "Donate if your avatar has ever worn pants.",
    "Every Robux helps reduce the booth’s invisible tears.",
    "Some say booths are soulless. I say this one just wants a snack.",
    "No Robux? That’s okay. Booth still appreciates the company.",
    "I once had Robux. Then I blinked.",
    "Join the movement: Random booth appreciation.",
    "This booth’s aesthetic is ‘budget hope’.",
    "You don’t need to donate to make a difference. But it does help.",
    "The booth was lonely. Until you walked by.",
    "Supporting small booths = pixel-level good deeds.",
    "This booth has a dream. It's mostly hats.",
    "Not asking for much. Just maybe something coin-shaped.",
    "Even booths have bad days. This one’s having an okay one now.",
    "Donate if you’ve ever failed an obby and laughed anyway.",
    "Donating here unlocks nothing except joy. And that’s enough.",
    "This booth is sponsored by emotional support Robux.",
    "I once had a gamepass idea. Now I have a booth.",
    "This booth believes in you. It also believes in your spare Robux.",
    "It’s not a cry for help. It’s… well okay, maybe it is.",
    "Ever saved a booth’s day? First time for everything!",
    "Booths like this don’t come often. Mostly because we’re all broke.",
    "1 Robux = 1 imaginary thank-you sticker.",
    "Not sad. Just Robux-deficient.",
    "Have you donated today? Me neither. Let’s change that!",
    "This booth’s dreams are made of sparkles and 5 Robux.",
    "You look like someone who makes great donation decisions.",
    "This booth loves long walks on the beach and surprise donations.",
    "Don’t feel pressured. Just encouraged. Slightly. Casually.",
    "If this booth had a catchphrase, it’d be ‘pretty please’",
    "I could be doing homework… but instead, I’m doing hope.",
    "This booth may be fictional, but my gratitude isn’t.",
    "Helping here grants you +1 moral superiority (in your heart).",
    "You’re not broke, you’re pre-rich. Share the energy!",
    "This booth is allergic to dust. Donations help.",
    "You’ve reached a peaceful booth zone. Tips welcome.",
    "Powered by positive energy and the occasional Robux.",
    "You look like someone who reads signs thoroughly. Nice.",
    "Booth motto: 'Be kind, maybe donate, and always floss (in-game).' ",
    "I asked the universe for a sign. It gave me this booth.",
    "No glitter, no gimmicks. Just quiet hope and pixel dreams.",
    "This booth just wants to feel important. And slightly richer.",
    "Press donate to test booth happiness settings.",
    "This sign is too tired to beg. It just waits.",
    "Your visit alone made the booth smile. Donations make it dance.",
    "Don't worry. This booth passes the vibe check.",
    "Ever blessed a booth and moved on like a mysterious hero?",
    "Low maintenance, high appreciation. This booth's specialty.",
    "You’re already a good person. This just confirms it.",
    "Minimalist design. Maximal appreciation.",
    "Could this be the booth your future self brags about donating to?",
    "I’m not famous… yet. Get in early.",
    "The booth may be broke, but the personality is rich.",
    "The real game is seeing how long it takes to get one Robux. Wanna speed it up?",
    "Donating here might get you added to an imaginary Hall of Fame.",
    "I’m just here, standing… smiling… waiting for you to make a legendary click.",
    "Support this booth and unlock… good feelings. No hidden fees.",
    "Be the plot twist in this booth’s sad little storyline.",
    "Thanks for stopping by. Donations optional. Good vibes required.",
    "Rumor: People who donate here find better pets in their next game. Coincidence?",
    "Test your generosity reflexes. This booth is watching.",
    "Did we just make eye contact through this text? Weird. But nice.",
    "Helping booths like this = instant digital good karma.",
    "Don’t worry. This booth is approved by 9/10 friendly noobs.",
    "Donating here might improve your Roblox drip by 2%. Maybe.",
    "Be the Robux you want to see in the world.",
    "This booth accepts Robux, jokes, and compliments. In that order.",
    "If booths could cry, this one would cry sparkles. That’s your fault now.",
    "The best booths tell stories. You could be part of this one.",
    "One click could make this booth 80% more emotionally stable.",
    "The donation button is lonely. Be its friend.",
    "Thanks for reading. You're already amazing. Donating is just bonus content.",
    "This booth was brought to you by... wishful thinking.",
    "Clicking 'donate' here is scientifically proven* to feel nice. (*Not really, but maybe.)",
    "You're not obligated to give. But the booth would definitely remember you if you did.",
}

-- Index trackers
local thankIndex = 1
local promoIndex = 1

-- Auto Thank Logic (berurutan)
local leaderstats = localPlayer:WaitForChild("leaderstats")
local raisedStat = leaderstats:WaitForChild("Raised")
local lastRaised = raisedStat.Value

raisedStat.Changed:Connect(function()
	if getgenv().autoThank then
		local newRaised = raisedStat.Value
		if newRaised > lastRaised then
			if chat then
				local msg = thankMessages[math.random(1, #thankMessages)]
				chat:SendAsync(msg)
			end
			lastRaised = newRaised
		end
	end
end)

-- Auto Promo Logic (berurutan tiap 27 detik)
local function shuffle(array)
	local shuffled = {}
	local indices = {}
	for i = 1, #array do table.insert(indices, i) end
	for i = #indices, 2, -1 do
		local j = math.random(i)
		indices[i], indices[j] = indices[j], indices[i]
	end
	for _, i in ipairs(indices) do
		table.insert(shuffled, array[i])
	end
	return shuffled
end

local shuffledPromo = shuffle(promoMessages)
local shuffledIndex = 1

task.spawn(function()
	while true do
		if getgenv().promoSpam then
			if chat then
				local msg = shuffledPromo[shuffledIndex]
				chat:SendAsync(msg)
				shuffledIndex += 1
				if shuffledIndex > #shuffledPromo then
					shuffledPromo = shuffle(promoMessages)
					shuffledIndex = 1
				end
			end
		end
		task.wait(27)
	end
end)

-- Button Logic
ThankButton.MouseButton1Click:Connect(function()
	getgenv().autoThank = not getgenv().autoThank
	updateGUI()
end)

PromoButton.MouseButton1Click:Connect(function()
	getgenv().promoSpam = not getgenv().promoSpam
	updateGUI()
end)
